Okay, I'll just say you're a stinky beggar
How can you have such great ability?
It turns out that he is pretending to be someone else's Jiang Xiao
The leading figure in Yunzhou
Take a look at another stinky live stream
Is this position your turn?
Yanyan, what the hell is going on?
This item was identified by experts from the Liu family
This invitation letter is a gift from the head of the Liu family
Why is this position not my turn?
Yanyan, what rank are you?
What identity did Liu Jiazhu invite you to?
I'm sorry you even have the qualifications to enter this auction
It's all up to me
Xiaojiu is on vacation
National treasure born
It's been a blessing for three lifetimes for me to wait for Zhou to pay tribute
Ye Yan, where did you get such a big face?
Seize this honor in front of all the VIPs
Enough is enough, I will inform my father, Expert Sun, now
Who is right and who is wrong
one-term casual job
No need to bother
Whoever owns something naturally knows his pride
This bronze tower is 20 cm long
5 cm wide
13-story tower
There is a lotus flower at the bottom of the tower.
There is still a two-centimeter gap at the bottom of the tower.
Long-term damage
Really
Jiang Shao, it is impossible to lie to us
I thought...
What amazing details did you find?
Isn't this just retelling it after Tason?
You rubbish
And the face to say that
You said it was yours, what proof do you take?
Demon Subduing Demon Zhenggui Fury
This tower is called Qibaolian Ong Pagoda
It was held by Li Jing, King of Torta
Own a vast land without hatred
And the crack at the bottom
It was left behind by the suppression of the third prince of Nezha
How did the long-term damage come about?